November 1, 2020 - Sunday
I woke up this morning to a text from my mom asking me to sweep.
So after I brushed my teeth that’s what I did.
I looked up if there were any tricks to make the task faster, but there were no break through tricks invented that I could find.
After my sweeping I ate my breakfast.
For breakfast I had a microwaved pot pie.
Following that I went to my room and hung out for a little while until I got hungry again.
A bowl of applesauce was the snack I ended up choosing.
Shortly after I finished that my dad texted me asking me to make a bowl of rice.
Once I put the lid on the rice and was done watching it I went into the office to help my mom clear her computer.
There’s so much stuff downloaded on to it that it runs very slowly.
I approached going through all her files with her inefficiently, so I didn’t end up getting too much done which is on me.
By the time we came to a stopping point my dad had finished the rest of lunch and so I made myself a bowl of the rice, beans, and chicken.
After lunch my dad asked me if I wanted to go to Austin with him while he goes to buy a wheeled weed trimmer.
I said yes and we soon after hit the road.
We talked some, but most of the ride I rested or was on my phone.
On our way back home after picking up the machine we stopped at a Peruvian restaurant called “Inka Chicken”.
I got chicken, rice, beans, and yuca.
The next stop on our way home was at a supermarket so my dad could buy some pickles that he likes.
Then we stopped at my grandparents’ house for a little to give them some food my dad got for them at the restaurant.
The last stop before home was at Dollar General where we got some ice cream sandwiches.
Once we got home I got into bed on my phone even though I still had things to do.
It was a bit later by them time I got up to get ready for bed.
I washed the dishes, brushed my teeth, then cleaned up my room.
I stayed awake for a bit more after all that before finally going to bed.
Today was for sure not a model day haha.