November 14, 2020 - Saturday
I had my alarm set so I wouldn’t sleep in too late, but I ended up waking up before it went off.
Once I was up I got started my routine of cleaning my teeth and washing my face.
In the middle of it my dad need me to help him put a trailer on his truck and then load his ATV onto that trailer.
After that I came back inside to finish my morning routine.
Then I went through my phone for a bit before taking a shower and getting dressed.
Dressed up for the day I heated up some pizza and made some tea for my breakfast.
Then I got in my car and headed out to go pick up my friend Darious.
Today we were going with our other friend Ben to go to an axe throwing place.
Once I got to Darious’ house he still had to finish eating his breakfast, so we hung out for a little bit while he did that.
I also borrowed a swimsuit from his brother and a water bottle, because I forgot both of those two things at my house.
After we got to Ben’s house there was still some time before we had to leave, so we just chilled in his room for a bit.
The drive to the axe throwing place was long and so on our way there we stopped at Whataburger for some food.
I got a chicken tender sandwhich and a small Dr Pepper float.
Once we got there it was us three, Ben’s parents, and a couple that were friends or relatives of Ben’s parents.
To start off the instructor showed us how to properly throw the axe.
After we all got warmed up we started playing some games.
The teams were the kids versus the adults.
The games we played were a darts style one, tic tac toe, and one called around the world.
Following the games we just spent the last little bit just throwing for fun.
Next we headed back to Ben’s house to watch a movie.
Once we got to Ben’s house we got back in the car to go to Dollar General and get some snacks.
We got different types of gummies and some skittles.
After we got back to Ben’s house again we mixed all the candy and split it.
They had the same type of popcorn machine that my family does so I made the popcorn for us all.
With all the snacks all finished we went up to Ben’s room and watched the movie.
It was called “Red Dawn” (2012).
After the movie we watched some game show thing on YouTube before leaving to go home.
I dropped Darious back off at his house and then told my parents I was on my way home.
My dad texted back asking me to grab them some ice cream on my way home.
Once I got to the store I bought all their ice creams, but not one for me because I didn’t really want one since I had already eatten so much sugar earlier.
Getting home I right away made sure to brush my teeth.
Then I was looking at my desk and got distracted examining a watch.
This point is where I think my bedtime’s downfall began.
I went on a tangent looking for where I could find links for the metal band of the watch, because it was too short for me.
The reason I tried it on again tonight was, because when I was looking at it I realized it was an automatic watch which I didn’t know before.
Eventually I came to the conclusion that the watch was too old and I probably wouldn’t be successful in looking for the link.
So I got in bed, but I didn’t ens up actually going to sleep until much much later.
Note: Finishing this entry up I already know this is going to be one of the largest entries I’ve written up haha.