November 15, 2020 - Sunday
This morning I woke up late and pretty tired.
Once I got out of bed and brushed my teeth I ate some breakfast.
For breakfast today I heated up some ravioli that my parents got for me from Olive Garden the other day.
After breakfast I came back to my room and worked on my website a little bit.
I have some web apps that I’ve made on my website, but there was never a way to easily get to them.
So I drew up a new icon for my main page and linked it to a simple page that has a list of all the web apps I’ve made.
In the middle of working I took a pause so that way my mom could take a photo of my dad, brother, and I sitting on the ATV which my dad just got running recently.
After finishing my work on my website I was still pretty tired, so I just listened to music and hung out on my phone for a bit.
Then my dad called me asking me to come outside and help him do some things on the ATV.
Coming back inside after finishing my work with my dad I layed back down on my bed and rested for a bit on my phone.
Later on my parents went out to their friend’s house and took my brother to church class along the way there.
After they left I ate a bowl of cereal finishing the last of my Minecraft cereal that I bought a while ago.
Then I took a shower, because I was dirty from working outside with my dad earlier.
Following that I sat down and finished the last of my marshmallows that I got for my birthday before getting started on the dishes.
Right before beginning the dishes I put on the movie “Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter... and Spring” (2003).
Once the dishes were done I paused my movie and then got ready for bed.
I also shaved my face which I haven’t done in a while, because I’ve been lazy.
All the hair was kind of thick so I just used my wired hair clippers instead of the smaller battery ones.
Then I cleaned up my room.
By that point my parents had gotten back home along with my brother.
I helped my dad get a splinter out of his finger before going to my room for the night￼.
After that I made sure to write today’s entry and not procrastinate one bit.
There was still a little bit of time before I had to go to bed, so I watched a little bit more of my movie.
My bedtime for today was very good and a great start to the week.