November 20, 2020 - Friday
My schoolday today was quick and easy.
After I was done I wasn’t feeling like watching a movie or anything so I just hug out on my phone for a bit.
Before eating lunch I went outside to help my dad carry in groceries and I also took my dad’s phone inside to back it up for him.
For lunch my grandma made tacos.
While I was eating my dad sat down and joined me.
Afterwards we looked into renewing my Colombian passport and ID, but we needed a number off of my ID card, which was at home, to schedule an appointment.
Following that I finished watching the movie “The Best of Youth” (2003).
It was a really good movie and definitely worth all the time it took up.
After that I just hung out some more, because I wasn’t really in the mood to start another movie.
Later on in the afternoon I took a shower and then ate my dinner.
My grandma had made a sandwich and some soup.
Following dinner I read some of my book “Pillars of the Earth” by “Ken Follett”.
Afterwards I headed back home.
Once I got home I got ready for bed.
Next I sat down with my dad to make an appointment to renew my passport and ID for Colombia.
The website to do that ended up being down for the night, so we’ll have to wait until tomorrow.
It also turned out that it was just my ID that needed renewing and my passport is still good for nine more years.
Then my dad took my out to his shed to show me the progress he made cleaning and putting back together his ATV.
Before going back inside he also took my on a quick ride on it.
After I came back inside I hung out in my brother’s room for a little bit while writing this up.
I was also playing a ambient noise video and I’m pretty sure that was lagging the internet for my dad.
So I shut it off and then came back into my room to read for a little bit before going to bed.
I was only going to read one part of my book, but it turned out that part I was on was really long.
Trying to finish it before going to bed I stayed up a bit too late and ended up having to just stop in the middle of a part.
Even though I don’t have to wake up early tomorrow I still tried to go to bed on time, because I’m still in the process of forming the habit again and don’t want to mess that up.