November 21, 2020 - Saturday
After I brushed my teeth I this morning I ate some pizza rolls for breakfast.
Next I went back to my room and finished another chapter of my book “Pillars of the Earth” by “Ken Follett”.
Following that I went and did various things with my brother for a bot.
At one point he was reading a book aloud for me.
After we were done hanging out I was just about to go outside to read some more when my dad called for me.
He needed help working outside and so that’s what I did for the rest of the morning.
I took a break to go eat at a burger place with my mom and brother called Red Robin.
In addition to my burger I also got a gingerbread milkshake.
We were planning to go to a smoothie place afterwards, but we ended up all being too full.
On our way home we stopped at Walmart to get some soda for my dad.
Then we stopped at a cookie place but it had just closed a littlr while ago.
As I was driving my mom and I said my brother should make a pie to him.
So I turned the car around to go back to the store.
We were kind of joking and he didn’t really feel like learning how, so I turned around again back home.
Once we did get back I went back outside to help my dad some more.
By the time we finished working it was already night time, but we finished getting the back seats reinstalled into the ATV.
My dad took my brother, mom, and I all for a quick ride afterwards.
I worked with him for a little bit more before completly finishing for the night.
After I got back inside I sat down with my dad to set up an appointment to get my Colombian ID renewed.
I took a little while, because I messed up inputting my information a couple times.
We got an appoint ment set for the day I get off of school for winter break next month.
Next I got ready for bed and then cleaned up my room.
After that I helped my mom put away some bowls tall up.
By the time I actually went to bed it was passed the time I try for by quite a bit.
It’s half because I was busy doing stuff right up until I went to bed, but I also could’ve done some things quicker without getting distracted.