My morning was started off by my dad waking me up a little bit before my alarm was set for.
The cleaning lady was coming early in the morning and so we all had to make sure everything was squared away before she came.
My parents had her cone today, because we were having visitors come in the afternoon.
When she got to our house I sat outside and read for a while after saying hello.
I came back inside shortly afterwards though, because I got uncomfortable on the bench.
Inside I went and sat down in my brother’s room to read some more.
Once I got uncomfy sitting on the ground in there I went to my own bed to read even more.
My brother followed me into my room and we hung out each doing our own thing.
Later on closer towards noon my dad asked me to clean the outside of the front door to the house.
I also swept up some cobwebs and leaves of the roof and ground.
After I finished my task I went back to my room and hung out some more.
The next time I came out again was when my dad asked me to clean up the dishes since it’s my day.
I’m glad he said to do that, because thoes combined with the ones I had to do later would’ve been a ton to do at once.
At some point I also went on a walk with my mom and also played a game of Uno with her and my brother.
My dad finished the meal early, so we all ate some dinner before people started coming.
Once the visitors started getting to our house my brother and I greeted them and then cane back to my room.
It was starting to get noisy from people talking so I didn’t read any more after that.
My brother and I later came out to say hi to the rest of the people that came and look at the fire my dad built in his chiminea.
I also took a ride on the ATV with my dad and then a second ride which my brither drove.
Then we went back inside to my room until the dessert started to get opened.
One of the people brought a pecan buttermilk pie which is what I got.
Then I wemt back to my room again until everyone was gone.
At that point I came out to get ready for bed and wash the dishes.
I took a little while to get up out of my room, so my brither had baked some cookies by the time I was up.
After trying a chunk of one I got my teeth cleaned.
Then I got started on washing the dishes which took a bit.
Next I wrote this up and then went to sleep.
All the things I had to do and the people coming over caused me to go to bed pretty late tonight.
Me getting distracted was also a factor too of course! haha
I will not have to be waking up early tomorrow though, so hopefully I’ll still be able to get all my sleep in.