November 29, 2020 - Sunday
I woke up this morning to my dad calling for my brother and I to tell us to tidy up the house.
One of his godsons was in Austin and was coming to our house for breakfast, so he wanted the house to be nice.
After brushing my teeth I cleared up some things that had been left out and then did a little sweeping.
Then I went back to my bed and hung out in my room for a bit.
My raspberry pi ad blocker wasn’t working, so I came back out to the living room.
After plugging it in to the TV and looking up what was wrong I came to the conclusion that the SD card went bad or it got corrupted from the power going out at some point.
I went back to my room amd then came back out again to mess with the android tv box.
There was an app I used to use to watch movies a long time ago and I wanted to see what it was like now.
I went down a rabbit hole of that and it turns out that there are new way to do it.
While I was in the middle of that my dad’s godson had gotten to our house and my dad was finishing up breakfast.
He made yucca, arepas, and some eggs.
There was also a large roll of bread he bought.
After breakfast I went back to messing around with this new video watching technology.
I ended up signing up for a seven day free trial for one of the services.
Messing around with an app some more I eventually quit to watch some TV.
Later in the afternoon my parents wanted me to put on some TV episodes on the television for them.
For the first episode I had to find a bunch of work arounds to get everything to work, but I got the hang of it after that.
The reason it wasn’t as quick the first time is because I was learning how to use the new technology from earlier.
In the night my mom brought my brother and I to go eat.
I wasn’t super hungry and more so came along to just hang out, but I did get some fried cheese curds.
Once we got back home I went back to my room to watch a bit more TV.
Then I came out to eat some beef jerky and then wash the dishes.
After I did the dishes I put on another TV episode for my parents.
This time it was quick as I had the process down well.
Next I brushed my teeth and went back into my room.
I only had a bit of time before going to bed after that, so I just watched one more TV episode and then went to sleep.