June 12, 2020 - Friday
I woke up in the afternoon today.
I can’t even remember￼ the the last time that I did that.
I didn’t even go to bed too late last night, but I think it was just all the past few days catching up to me at once.
After I did get up and got my teeth brushed I ate three or four chips then went to my room.
I hung out in there for a while until my mom invited me to walk around with her and my brother.
While I was out there I grabbed a popsicle from the freezer.
After coming back inside I hung out for a little bit more.
Then my dad called for me to come help him ouside.
We loaded the back of his truck up with scrap metal things and the drove to the scrap yard.
We ended up getting $12 which my dad let me keep!
Once we got back home I helped pick up rocks by our front fence and gate while my dad weedeated.
After we were finished we cane inside and took showers.
Then my dad, mom, brother, and I all got into the car and went to the a BBQ (not going to try to spell that haha) place.
Once we got back home I went back to just hanging out.
After a bit I drove my dad and brother to the gas station.
My dad wanted to get a soda and bought my brother and I ice cream for coming along.
I got cotton candy which they don’t always have so I was happy to see that. (Message to mint ice cream person: cotton candy is definitely￼ better >:( )
I didn’t eat any of my ice cream when I got home, because it was pretty late already.
So I got my teeth brushed and then procrastinated writing this for a while.
Once I finally did go to bed it was pretty late.
My start going to bed on time again plan has not been too successful￼.
I am going to my friend’s mom’s wedding tomorrow with my mom (she is friends with the bride).
Hopefully I won’t be too tired to help drive.
I think it’ll be fine though.
Also another thing I found out today is that apparently my family is driving to Iowa this Tuesday.
I am looking foward to that and will be trying harder to sleep better so I can drive.
Note: I just realized this is another jumbo one (over 2,000 characters!).