October 16, 2020 - Friday
Today was a pretty long day for me.
It started out with me waking up pretty tired this morning and then taking my brother to school then myself to my grandparents’ house.
My school day today wasn’t very difficult.
After I finished I ate my lunch and then watched some YouTube and went on my phone for a bit.
I didn’t stay at my grandparents’ house for dinner today, because I was going to a movie with my mom and my brother.
So after hanging out for a bit I headed back home to hang out with my mom before going to pick up my brother.
Once I got home my mom wasn’t even home yet, so I waited around for her to get home.
After she got home I told her my plan to cut myself a mohawk.
We tried some different ways to get my hair to part firstly and I ended up choosing to just tape my hair down.
With my hair taped I spent the next while carefully cutting around the strip of tape on my head.
After it was finally done it actually looked pretty good and way better than I thought it was going to.
I took a shower then went on a walk with my mom.
Once we got back inside from the walk my mom helped my style my hair so it would stick straight up.
We were able to get it to work using lots of hairspray and flat ironing.
I don’t think I’ll keep the style for 
a really long time because styling it like that all the time would be a lot of work.
After my hair was ready we went to go pick up my brother.
I was going to drive for my mom, but my hair was too tall so I had to sit in the back.
After we picked up my brother he was pretty suprised at my new hair.
We ended up deciding to eat dinner at a Korean BBQ restaurant before going to the movies.
I got Teriyaki chicken wings which I ate half of then took the other half home.
After dinner we went to the theater.
The movie wasn’t going to start for a while so we had to wait in the parking ￼lot a long time.
While we were waiting we left to go to a gas station and go pee and then we drove back.
Once we got inside the theater we bought some skittles and a water.
It was a double feature and the forst movie we watched was “Night of the Living Dead” (1968).
The second movie was “Horrors of Spider Island” (1960).
Next we went to Sonic where my mom suprised me by saying that our friends Kristin and Audrey Shae (Mom and her daughter) wouldn’t be coming, but they actually did.
They gave me a gift of some Hi-Chews and gummy bears.
At the Sonic I ordered a carmal shake.
While we were looking at the board one of the workers passed by us and told me that she likes my hair.
That was really cool.
After we were all done with our food we stayed chatting for a while until the Sonic closed.
On our way back home we stopped at another gas station to go pee.
Once I got home I wanted to take a photo of my mohawk for my instagram before I went to bed.
I spent a while working on that and at one point even brought a lamp outside and asked my mom to take my photo.
I finally got a photo I liked which I took of myself just standing by the wall in my room.
Then I spent a while messing with editing it for fun.
Eventually I brushed my teeth and then I wrote the entry and went to bed.
Note: I’m pretty sure this is the longest entry so far!