October 26, 2020 - Monday
The weather was very cold and was sprinkling throughout the day today.
Only a few of my classes had work for me to do, so I finished everything pretty quickly.
After my school day I watched some YouTube for a while.
Then I put on some music and took a nap.
I was going to watch a movie, but couldn’t really find one I was in the mood for.
Following my nap I ate dinner.
I stayed at my grandparents’ house some more after eating dinner before heading home.
As I was leaving their house the check tire pressure light came on in the car.
I called my dad and he advised me to check the tire pressure level of each of the tires.
So I pulled into the side parking lot of a Dollar General and checked each of the tires.
They were all equally low which meant that it was likely just because of the temperature that they went down.
That meant I could just fill them up at home tomorrow morning before school.
Once I got home I went to give my dad two watches that my grandfather gave me so we could put new batteries in them.
When I reached into my pocket I only had one of the two watches though.
So I went back outside to the car a looked if they fell out of my pocket under the seat, but I didn’t see them anywhere.
That meant the only other place they could be was the Dollar General where I got out of the car to check the tires.
My dad came with me and I drove back to the Dollar General.
I left the car at the gas station next to it though, so we could use the air pump to refill the tires.
While my dad was exhanging some ones for coins I walked to the Dollar General to look for the watch.
I shined my phone light and walked around, but I didn’t see it anywhere.
Then I went back to the gas station and helped refill the tires with air.
Next we drove back to the Dollar General and shined the headlights on the area to see better, but I still didn’t see it anywhere.
My dad stepped inside the store to see if anyone turned it in by chance, but no one had.
As I was pulling back onto the driveway my dad saw the watch in the grass from the reflection of the headlights.
Luckily no water had gotten inside of it and there was only a little bit of mist.
I put the watches on the coffee table to be looked at later and then got started on the dishes.
I finished the last two hi-chew I got for my birthday while I washed the dishes.
Then I went through my nightly routine, but I forgot that I was planning to do this entry during that.
So I ended up staying up and not writing it until late into the night again.
