January 31, 2020 - Friday
This morning I woke up around 4:20am and it turned out that the leaving time got moved to 7am, because my sister and mom talked for a long time last night.
Once it was actually time to start getting ready to go I finished getting my things pack up and git dressed.
I made some oatmeal for my sister and I for breakfast.
After breakfast we hit the road.
I drove about half the way to Las Cruces, New Mexico and then my sister drove the other half.
For lunch we stopped at a subway which wasn’t the best lunch in the world.
Around an hour or two before we got to Las Cruces I looked for some live bands we could see while we stayed there.
After some searching and listening we decided that we were going to go see a small band called “Clementine Was Right”.
Once we finally got to our hotel in Las Cruces we checked in and then brought our stuff inside.
We hung around in the hotel room for a bit, each of us doing our own thing on our phones, until it was time to leave to go see the band.
The bar the band was playing at wasn’t too far of a drive so we got there a little bit early.
When we got inside they said that I wasn’t allowed to stay inside, because no one under 21 is allowed inside after 8pm.
My sister was able to talk to the manager and let us stay though, but that was close.
We sat at the very front where the band was going to play.
They all played good music and it was fun getting to see them live even though I didn’t know their music all too well.
After the band finished their set we got to chat with a few of the members.
On our way out I was going to donate $20 to them, but it turns out that $20 is the cost of a CD and a T-shirt so I got thoes twi things.
That was a very nice suprise and I really like the shirt’s designs they put.
Once we got back to the hotel I took a shower and then wrote today’s entry (Hey, you’re reading it right now!).
I’m going to go to bed now at 11pm because the plan is to wake up at 4am and then hit the road again, so I don’t want to be too tired.