December 9, 2020 - Wednesday
Once I got to my grandparents’ house after dropping my brother off at school I just hung out for a while.
I already had finished all my school work for the day ahead of time, so I layed down on my phone and just checked into my classes when I needed to.
Later in day my graphic design teacher posted an assignment.
So I got worked on that which took a while since I was being perfectionist.
After I finished the assignment I watched some movies.
The first one I watched was called “Robby” (1968).
Then I started the movie “It’s Impossible to Learn to Plow by Reading Books” (1988).
I had to stop in the middle of it to take a shower and eat my dinner.
Following dinner I read my book “The Pillars of the Earth” by “Ken Follett” for a bit.
I stayed reading at my grandparents’ house for a little later than I normally do.
On my way home my mom asked me to grab ice cream for everyone, but I was already past the store when I got the text.
Even though I got home a little bit later I was still expecting to go to bed on time.
Nobody was home since they all decided to go and get ice cream themselves.
I got my teeth brushed and my face washed, but got a little distracted once everyone came back home.
My dad had me scan some documents into a pdf for him.
Then I washed all the dishes.
If I would’ve gone to bed right after that I would’ve been good, but instead I got sidetracked doing an array of different things.
My mom asked if I needed anything on Amazon so she could get free shipping.
I jokingly sent her an expensive fountain pen.
Then I went down a tangent of looking for the best place I could buy it.
Next I thought about a Dudeism shirt I had wanted last year.
I found it and sent it to my mom.
Going over to see if she got my text led me down another tangent of  where she could get a puzzle for cheaper.
Finally I went back to my room to start going to bed.
And then my dad called for me asking me to put on a TV show episode for hime.
I didn’t really mind doing that though, and it actually led to me finding a way to pull up movies and TV shows much easier than I normally did.
After that I actually went to bed, and it was a bit passed the time I try to go to bed at.