December 18, 2020 - Friday
My day started off very early this morning.
I drove with my dad all the way to Houston (3 hours) to rnew my Colombian ID.
On the drive there I did the whole way talking with my dad some and listening to music along the way.
For breakfast we stopped at Buc-ee’s and got breakfast burritos.
Once we got to the office we had to wait for them to open and then we checked in.
It turned out that the photos my dad and I had taken had my face too small.
So we spent a good while trying figure out what we were going to do.
There was another office downstairs were the take the photos, but there was no one there and they weren’t answering their phone.
So while we waited to see if the person would answer the phone we went back upstairs and kept going through the paper work and stuff.
Eventually we were going to have to drive out to a photo place like CVS, but we decided to wait a bit more.
Eventually the worker of the photo taking place did come and we were able to have my photo taken without having to drive somewhere else.
After that we just had to go back to the original office and finish filling out things.
We didn’t know this before coming, but it also turned  out that my passport expired too.
Luckily they let us renew it without having to schedule a new appointment.
Towards the end my dad had to leave and wait in the car, because the workers said there were too many people in the office.
I played sodoku on my phone while I waited for the last step.
The man needed to finalize a few things regarding my passport and then I was done.
Once I got back in the car with my dad we looked for somewhere to eat.
We ended up choosing this Mediterranean food place.
After we ate my dad and I headed back home.
My dad started off the drive and then passed the car to me.
I started to get sleepy and so he finished off the last part of the drive.
We switched at a HEB and so we went inside to get some small things to eat and I got some golden rasins.
Once I got home I carried the things from the car and then went to my room to finish a test for school.
For my school day today I just had to make sure to check into all my classes earlier this morning.
Besides that one test I didn’t have any other actual work.
After the test I was just settling in when my dad said our neighbors were coming over real quick to give us something.
They gave us a Christmas basket (was really a box), which had hot chocolate balls with mugs, candies, abd some cookies.
After the left I drove my brother and I down the driveway on the ATV to close the gate.
Once I put away the ATV I came back inside and set up a movie to watch with my mom.
The movie was the one I was going to watch with her on Wednesday called “Do the Right Thing” (1989).
During the movie I ate a few candies that my mom had bought for me.
I also ate some pretzels that my dad had made earlier in the week and a bowl of cereal.
After the movie I got all ready for bed and was done by a pretty decent time.
But I ended up staying up late while procrastinating writing up this entry, because I was feeling lazy and knew this was going to be kind of a long one.
Hopefully I’ll be able to still get a full night’s rest though.