May 24, 2020 - Sunday
Before eating breakfast I hung out in my room and played Roblox on my computer while I waited for my phone to back up.
I eventually ate some leftover hawaiian ￼pizza.
Then I went back to just hanging out.
A little bit after noon once my mom was done with her online meetingmy family all got in the car and drove to the AT&T store.
I got a new green iPhone 11 which I really like.
After that we stopped at battery place so my dad could get a boat battery.
Then we made one last stop before home at Walmart so my dad could grab some things for dinner.
At home I tried to restore my phone from the backup I made, but my phone had to be updated first.
So I left it to update and then my dad called me to come help him with dinner.
My job was to make the string beans, which turned out good of course haha!
While everything was finishing up cooking I helped my mom find a phone case to buy.
Then we all ate dinner of salmon, potatoes, and string beans.
After lunch I restored my phone from the backup I made.
The estimated time was quite a while, so I got the dishes done while my phone was working away.
There was still a little bit of time left till my phone finished, so I just sat and listened to music for a while.
Once my phone was finally done I started downloaded back my music.
I also deleted a bunch of photos which added up to 1,050 removed by the time I was done.
Following the maintenance and things I went back to just hanging out￼.
I facetimed with my friend Sarah for a while.
After she had to go I hung out for a while more.
My hanging out was interrupted when my dad called me out to the living room.
He wanted me to help him get my brother’s parent taught drivers education set up.
A few parts of it were confusing but it wasn’t too hard overall.
By the time I finished that it was late passed the time I go to bed.
So I didn’t get to listen to music with Sarah like I was hoping to, but anyways I wouldn’t have been able to for very long even if we did.
Today’s entry was super long.
I’m pretty sure this is the longest one I’ve done overall.
So that took a while too and I ended up going to bed about an hour later than I usually want to.
It really isn’t that big of a deal though, and atleast I’ll be able to fall asleep more easily lol.