May 1, 2021 - Saturday
After waking up I stayed in bed for a bit on my phone.
For breakfast I reheated some stew and also put some brisket in the bowl too.
Following breakfast I hung out in the living room for a while watching YouTube videos on the television.
Later on I went outside to grab a pacakge from the mail.
I had ordered some batteries for my digital camera.
After plugging in the batteries to charge I pulled out my computer to install a Minecraft modpack to play with my brother.
Once it finished installing I worked on lacing up the new shoes I had gotten in the mail the other day.
While I was workinh on that my aunt Annette called for me to say she made lunch.
For lunch she made macaroni and cheese.
Following lunch I finished lacing up my shoes.
Then to break them in a little I went outside and pogo sticked.
My uncle Oscar also gave the pogo stick a couple tries while I was out there.
Once I came back inside I went to my room to take off my shoes.
Then I saw that the camera battery finished charging, so I tried it in the camera and messed with it for a bit.
After I was done with the camera I went back out to the living room to watch some more YouTube.
I eventually moved back to my room until dinner was ready.
For dinner my aunt had been cooking some pork all day.
There was also some rice and gravy, but the gravy was a bit to salty for me so I didn’t have any.
While I ate dinner I started to watch a YouTube video, but then my uncle sat down with me so I watched something with him.
We ended up watching the movie “Star Trek” (2009).
Following dinner I had a banana for my dessert.
After the movie finished I got ready for bed.
Then I went back to my room where I battled with a fly for a while.
Once I finally beat the fly I wrote this up and then called with my brother.
With my brother I got on the Minecraft modpack I installed earlier and looked at his world.
I didn’t stay on too long though, because it was already a bit late and I didn’t want to stay up too late.
After getting off the phone I went to sleep.
