May 2, 2021 - Sunday
I woke up early this morning, so for a while I stayed in bed and kept trying to fall back asleep.
I did that wake up and go back to sleep routine, until it was actually time for me to wake up.
After brushing my teeth I had a banana for breakfast.
Then I did some things to get ready to go out with my friend Sherry.
I refilled my fountain pen to write the tracklist to the CD mixtape I made for her.
Took my pogo stick and some other things out to my car.
Then I took a shower and got dressed.
After that I sat out in the living room and watched YouTube while I waited for it to be time for me to leave.
While I was waiting my aunt Annette made some hashbrowns, eggs, and biscuts for breakfast.
By the time I finished the breakfast she made it was time for me to leave.
On the drive to Sherry’s house I stopped at a gas station to buy a couple lottery tickets for her, since it was her birthday a week or so ago.
Once I got to her house I knocked on the door and waited for her to finish getting ready.
After we got in my car I gave her the CD and scratch tickets.
Then we headed out to the mall.
When we got to the mall we realized we had gone to the wrong one.
So I plugged in the correct mall into the GPS and we were on our way again.
Once we got to the mall I took some pictures with my digital camera.
Then we went inside a walked around browsing in different stores.
We stopped in a virtual reality place and payed to play that for a bit.
The game entailed shooting zombies and the virtual reality aspect was pretty cool.
The worker there also let us stay quite a bit past the amount of time we payed for which was really nice.
After leaving there we found a place to sit down and figure out where we’d go next.
We had already planned to go to a park initally, but first we needed to buy some things to have for lunch.
On our way to Walmart we decided that’d be a good place to get lunch as well.
At Walmart we got some activity things like a Lego set and playdough.
For food we got a sandwich to split, each our own drinks, chips, pretzels￼, and grapes.
On our way to the park we stopped at a gas station, so Sherry could cash out her lottery ticket.
While we were there we also got a gallon of water and a couple cups.
Once we got to the park we found a good spot to sit ubder a gazebo.
First we ate our lunch.
For some reason I wasn’t very hungry, so I didn’t end up finishing my half on the sandwich.
After eating Sherry tried to use my pogo stick, but she didn’t have the best shoes for it.
Next we built our lego set.
While we were building my mom called me, so I switched it to a video call and let her say hello to Sherry.
After we finished building we played frisbee for a bit.
Once she got tired we sat back down and built some sculptures out of the playdough.
Then we looked if there were any good movies playing at the theater near us.
We ended up choosing the movie “Nobody” (2021).
Once we got to the theater we bought the tickets and went right to the movie room.
We were both too full to want to buy and snacks.
During the movie I had to step out to answer a call from my aunt.
I had forgotten to tell her that I’d be in a movie, so she was wondering why I hadn’t responded to her text making sure I was alright.
Following the movie Sherry and I took some photos in a photo booth they had there.
After getting the printed photo we headed back to her house for me to drop her off.
As I got back home my uncle Oscar opened the garage for me to be able to come in.
Then I unloaded all my things on my bed.
After I got changed out of my clothes into pajamas I brushed my teeth and got ready for bed.
I had already gotten home late and writing this entry took a bit longer than normal.
Both of those things combined to me going to bed pretty late.
It will hopefully be fine though since I’ve been doing good for a while.
Note: Just checked, and this is the longest entry I’ve written so far!