May 8, 2021 - Saturday
After waking up this morning I went outside to cut my nails.
Then I came back inside and took a shower.
Once I finished taking a shower I got dressed to go hang out with my friend Sherry for the day.
I finished getting ready ready kind of early, so while I waited to go I watched a few episodes of “Daria” (1997).
While I watched I had a peanut butter sandwich and a mini apple for breakfast.
Once I got to Sherry’s house we drove to a japanese garden place.
We spent a while walking around the trail and looking at everything.
After finishing with the garden we sat in my car for a bit and looked at Sherry’s world in a video game.
I also talked with my mom and dad on the phone for a tiny bit about internet stuff.
Next we went to Walmart so I could look for some pants.
There weren’t any there, so after browsing around a little bit more we left.
Next we went to Target, so I could look again for some pants.
I didn’t find any there either, but while we were there we bought some marshmallows as a snack.
Then we walked to the dollar store and bought a little notebook and a pack of chips.
After that we headed over to Sonic to get some food to eat.
We both just ordered regular cheese burgers.
To drink I got a strawberry slush.
We took our food to a park and ate in the grass on a blanket.
After eating we put some things in the car then went and played footbag for a bit.
Once we were finished at the park we drove to a mall.
It was a little bit small and also closing soon, so we didn’t stay there super long.
We stopped at another clothing store so I could look for pants, but I didn’t find any.
Next we sat in the car for a while trying to think of what we could do next.
We ended up finding another park to go to.
At this park we went on some of the exercise equipment stations and walked along the a path there was.
There was also a playground which Sherry and I stopped at to go on the swings.
By the time we were heading back the mosquitos were going crazy.
So we decided to play 3DS in my car instead of outside.
After playing for a while we decided to put on a movie to watch in the car.
Before starting the movie we went to the water fountain to fill up our waters.
Then as we were about to go back to the car a cop car told us that the park was closed so we had to go.
So I just decided to head back to Sherry’s house since it was already getting late anyways.
After dropping her off I drove myself home.
Once I got home I got ready for bed and went to sleep.
I know there’s something planned for tomorrow not sure what time, so hopefully I still get all my sleep. 