May 9, 2021 - Sunday
I woke up pretty tired this morning and ended up falling back asleep a few times again before actually getting up.
Still tired, once I was up I hung out on my phone for a bit before getting out of bed.
After I finally did I got my teeth brushed and then took a shower.
After showering I got dressed for the day.
I hung out in the living room and had a banana.
Then my uncle Oscar made some sausage which I had along with toast.
Afterwards I had a bowl of cereal.
Then I just waited until it was time to leave.
My aunt Annette and I were going to see my cousin Mathias at the site they had been camping at.
On the way there we stopped at the grocery store for my aunt to buy some Mother’s Day flowers.
Once we got to the campsite I said hello to everyone then sat down and hung out with my cousin.
We drove his remote controlled cars for a bit.
Then we went on a bike trail.
I liked this trail better than the one we did a few weeks ago.
Once we got back we hung out some more.
Later on we skateboarded to a park to go down a hill.
On our way back we say my aunt Jenny, aunt grandma Lucy, and cousin Elena.
They were heading to the park, so Mathias and I went back over there with them.
Once we got there cousins and I did some races and messed around on the skate boards.
After leaving we got back to the campsite and had some watermelon.
Mathias and I watched some TV for a bit.
Then I played with some magnetic toys with Elena for a while.
Once it was time to go I said bye to everyone and then aunt Annette and I were on our way.
On the drive home I actually ended up falling in and out of sleep.
Once we got back I plopped down in bed and just hung out on my phone until it was dinner time.
For dinner we had reheated chinese food, rice, and chicken.
Following dinner I went back to my room.
Sent my friend Sherry some of the photos we took together yesterday.
I video called with my mom and chatted with her for a bit.
Once it got late I got up and got ready for bed and took a shower.
After that I went to sleep at not the best time, but still not super terrible.
