May 14, 2021 - Friday
I didn’t have any work to do in school today, so all I had to do was just sit through my classes.
I watched the movie “Three Colors: Red” (1994), which is the thrid part of a trilogy I started yesterday.
By the time I finished watching the movie my school was finished for the day.
For lunch I heated up the other half of my beef sandwich from last night.
Then I took a shower and got dressed to go out with my friend Sherry.
I finished getting ready a little early, so I sat on the couch and watched YouTube for a bit.
Once I got to Sherry’s house she got in my car and then we figured out what we were going to do.
We ended up choosing to go to a big mall that neither of us had been to before.
Part of choosing there was that it was close to the planetarium we had tickets to go see later.
Once we got to the mall we walked all over and looked at the different shops.
There were some pants I saw that were close to something I’d like, but nothing my size anyways.
Once we were done with the mall Sherry found an ice cream place and we walked over there.
We could’ve drove, but we decided to walk for fun.
On the way there we stopped at a bridge and took some photos.
It took us a while to actually find the ice cream place, but once we did I got raspberry ice cream.
Once we finished our ice creams we headed back to the car.
After letting Sherry find the car I looked for some where to stop on the way to the planetarium.
There was a Target on the way, which we stopped at and I bought a banana.
Once we got to the museum the planetarium was at we checked in.
We were a bit early, so we got to browse the museum for a little while before the laser show started.
In the planetarium we watched a laser light show of Metallica songs playing.
After the show was over we headed back to Sherry’s house.
On the way back I spotted an iHop, which reminded me that it was national butter milk biscuit day.
Sherry and I had talked about it earlier, so we turned around to go get some for fun.
Once we got to iHop we couldn’t find the biscuits on the menu, but the waitress￼ did say they have them after asking her.
After eating our buscuits we payed and then went across the street to the gas station.
There I bought each of us a one dollar scratch ticket.
Then we went back to my car and checked our winnings.
Mine didn’t win anything, but Sherry got a dollar.
After that we went to Sherry’s house.
When we got to the gate her mom was asleep though, which meant there was no one to open the gate for my car, so she just had to walk home.
On my drive home I listened to music for a bit and then talked with my mom on the phone for the rest of the drive.
Once I got home I went through my phone quickly and then got ready fir bed.
I went to bed very late tonight, but thankfully I don’t have to wake up early for anything tomorrow.
I’ll also hopefully be able to correct by going to sleep right on time these following days.