May 22, 2021 - Saturday
After waking up this morning I got my teeth brushed the had an orange.
Then I waited for my uncle Oscar to switch over his laundry, so I could clean mine.
Then I took a shower and got ready to go hang out with my friend Sherry.
I had to wait for my pants to dry before a could leave.
While I was waiting, my uncle made some biscuits and gravy for breakfast.
After finishing my jeans were done drying and I headed out.
First we went to a couple thrift stores, so I could look for jeans and a coin dish.
I didn’t end up getting either of those things, but we both found two other things.
Sherry found two stuffed animals she liked and I found two CDs.
Next we went to Publix and got some things to have for lunch.
We were going to have our actual lunch come from somewhere else, but we ended up not finding any good place, so we went back into Publix and bought two sandwiches.
Then we went to a park to eat our lunch.
We ended up going to three different parks before finding one that had good seating for us.
For our lunch we had coconut water, some pudding cups (it was pudding day), a few cookies, and our sandwiches.
After eating we went through a 36 questions questionnaire￼ thing with each other.
Next we headed to the fair.
There were tons of people so getting into a parking spot took quite a while.
Then we had to wait in line to buy tickets.
Once we were inside we walked all over and looked at all the prices of different rides that interested us.
After deciding the rides we wanted ro do we searched trying to find where to buy tickets.
The line to buy tickets took a while as well as the lines for the rides.
The first two rides we went on were fast ones that went upside down.
Last ride we did was the ferris wheel.
By then we were bother pretty tired so we headed out.
On the drive to drop off Sherry we stopped at the gas station to get some water.
Once we got to Sherry’s neighborhood I tried to follow someone through the gate, but at the same time accidentally bumped the boom gate.
So we’ll see what comes of that in the future.
Once I got back home I got ready for bed and then went to sleep.
I got home very late tonight and writing this up also took a while.