May 29, 2021 - Saturday
This morning after waking up I brushed my teeth and took a shower to get ready for the day.
After that I hung out on my phone for a while, because it was still too early to get ready.
For breakfast my aunt Annette made scrambled eggs, turkey bacon, and biscuits.
Following breakfast I got dressed to go out with my friend Sherry.
Once I got to her house the first place we went to was a thrift store my aunt had recommended￼.
It was very large and popular there, so we had to wait in line for quite a bit for Sherry to buy a present she found for her friend.
Next we drove the the thrift store I used to volunteer at so she could see the cat.
We also went to the other thrift store just next to that one.
Then we went to one that I had gone to earlier in the week.
None of those last three places really had anything that either of us wanted.
After that we decided to have lunch.
We ended up choosing to go to Five Guys.
I got a hot dog and shared fries with Sherry.
We ate at a park that we found close to the mall.
After eating we headed over to that mall.
It was a decently sized mall, but nothing either of us really cared to buy.
Following the mall we went to Target to buy some snacks for the movie.
We got Chex Mix, candy worms, spicy veggie chip stick things (her choice), and some raspberries.
While we were there a worker asked me about my flames shirt and ended up chatting with us for a bit.
We ended up adding eachother on Instagram, so we’ll see if that turns to a new friendship.
Once we were done at Target Sherry and I headed over the the drive in theater.
Good thing we got there early because we were able to get a good spot, and people filled in around us soon after.
While we waited for the movie to start we looked at eachother’s liked TikTok videos on the phone.
The movie we watched was called “A Quiet Place Part II” (2020), which ended up not being that super great in either of our opinions.
That might’ve been for the better though since we were able to just chat during the boring parts unlike in a regular theater.
Once the movie finished I headed back to Sherry’s house and dropped her off.
I got to my house a bit late in the night and went to bed even later.
I did do good at not getting distracted from my going to bed tasks though.


