July 1, 2021 - Thursday
Writing this one the next day.
After waking up this morning I got ready to go hang out with my friends Ben and Darious.
I finished getting ready well before it was actually time to go, so I ended up hanging out around the house before leaving for a bit.
After picking up Darious from his house we went to Taco Bell for breakfast.
Then we found out Ben couldn’t even hang out, because he had to go into work earlier today.
So Darious and I went to a mall after eating and just walked around.
We stopped in a candy store and got a baggie of things for us to try.
I also got a bag of jelly beans for my mom, because she mentioned craving some the other day.
After the candy shop we were pretty much done with the mall.
We went back to my car and tried out all the different candies we picked out.
Then we went over to the super market and looked around a tiny bit.
Next we went over to where Ben works and chatted with him.
Ben didn’t even know I was in town, so it was a suprise for him.
We ended up all making plans to spend the night at Ben’s house after he’d get off work.
After that I took Darious back to his house.
I ended up coming inside with him and playing a few games of pool before leaving to my grandparents’ house.
At my grandparents’ house I hung out there for lunch and dinner.
For dinner my brother and I drove to a pizza place and got a pizza and some bread sticks.
Following dinner I hung out a bit more before heading home.
I had to go back home to get some things I’d need to spend the night.
Then I just waited around until it was time for me to go.
Once I got to Ben’s house we waited for Darious to get there too.
After that we all hung out in Ben’s room for a bit before going out to eat at McDonald’s.
I only got 4 chicken nuggets since I wasn’t to hungry.
Then on the way back to Ben’s house we stopped at a gas station to get some snacks.
There I got a mini apple pie thing.
Once we got back to Ben’s we ate our food.
Then later on we went outside and went swimming in the pool for a while.
Afterwards we came back inside and put on a movie.
We were all pretty tired though, so I shut off the movie and then fell asleep.