July 3, 2021 - Saturday
Writing this entry the day after again, been doing that quite a bit this past week.
For my breakfast I reheated some more of my baked oatmeal.
Then everyone else in the family started getting ready to go out.
My dad, brother, and I all had appointments to get tested for Covid-19.
My mom also came along to hang out.
After we all finished doing the drive through test at the pharmacy we went on a couple errands.
Then we went to a western store that my mom and I saw yesterday.
We ended up spending quite a while there since my dad, mom, and brother all have things they like to look at there.
After buying all the things the found we went to a electronic store to look a laptops.
That was more just for fun, because I wouldn’t actually buy a brand new overpriced laptop.
Next I drove us to another western store by the same name as the other one, but this one was in the bigger city and thus it was a bigger store.
The only person who got something there was my brother getting s jacket.
Then we went to a Peruvian restaurant for dinner.
Following dinner we went to the Sonic next door to get dessert.
After that we all headed back home.
On the way home we stopped at the supermarket and then my grandparents’ house to give them some of the Peruvian food.
Once we got home my mom and I were going to watch a movie, but she had to do some other things first.
Then my dad started getting rid of a ton of clothes and invited my brother and I to look at anything we’d like.
So my mom came out to the living room and we were going to watch the movie, but didn’t distracted by looking at the clothes.
I ended up getting a pair of jeans, some cool sweaters, and a few other things.
After everything settled down in the living room my mom and I watched the movie “Cruella” (2021).
By the time the movie was over it was already pretty late, and then I stayed up even later doing other things.
Put new screen protectors and repacked my bags for Colombian are the two main ones I can remember.
After getting ready for bed I went to sleep and was knocked out right away.
Went to bed nowhere near on time tonight.