June 13, 2021 - Sunday
Today I definitely started to feel the effects of having slept bad for the past couple weeks and had a general low energy feeling.
I started off my morning driving to Publix to get my aunt Annette some gravy for breakfast.
Once I got back she made the gravy and shortly after finished breakfast.
For breakfast she prepared biscuits with an egg, gravy, and sausage on it.
After breakfast I went back to my room and hung out on my phone for a bit.
Then I started reading when my uncle Oscar called for me to say lunch was here.
For lunch we had beef sandwhiches.
While I was eating the movie “Incredibles 2” (2018) was playing, since I had never seen it before I restarted it from the beginning.
Following lunch I kept watching for a while until I got a call from my mom.
Then I went back to my room and talked on the phone with her for a while.
After getting off the phone with her I drove to Walmart to look around at things.
My dad called me while I was in the store and I chatted with him for a bit.
I also checked to see if they had any good water bottles, because I lost mine yesterday.
There weren’t any though, so I’ll probably just buy the exact same one from the internet.
Once I got back home I went to my room for a tiny bit before my aunt came to tell me dinner was ready.
For dinner there was chicken, corn, potatoe cubes, and asparagus.
While I ate I watched a little bit more of the movie I started last week called “Permanent Vacation” (1980).
After I finished dinner I shut off the movie and went to my room and started a different one.
The next movie I watched was called “Fearless” (1993).
In the middle of watching the movie my mom called me and then later on my dad did too.
I ended up stopping the movie in the middle in order to go to bed on time.
After I finished getting ready for bed my grandparents called me.
Once I got off the phone with them I hung out on my phone a tiny bit more before going to sleep.
Went to bed very close to on time tonight, so I’d call it a success.