June 24, 2021 - Thursday
Woke up before any of my alarms went off this morning.
Although I was still tired, I got up out of bed anyways to break my habit of just laying in bed on my phone after awakening.
I then got ready to go hang out with my friend Sherry.
Since I woke up so early there was a ton of time to spare, so I was in no rush.
After getting ready I heated up a bowl of oatmeal, which my aunt Annette had prepared for me.
Then I worked on the scrap book Sherry and I have together for a bit.
Once it was time to go I headed out right on time, but I forgot a few things so I had to circle back.
At Sherry’s house we planned what we were going to do in the car and then we were on our way.
We took a small detour to look at an antique store we saw as we were leaving her house.￼
Following the antique store we went to a big thrift store.
The first activity for today was picking out funny outfits for each other to wear to the mall later on.
After we both finally finished putting together an outfit we found a public restroom to change in.
The shirt Sherry had chosen for me was too small so we went to another thrift store before heading to the mall.
At the mall we didn’t really go into many of the shops and more just walked around and looked at them.
For lunch we split a chipotle burrito.
Then we walked around a bit more before deciding to leave.
We sat in the car for a bit looking for something else to do.
Eventually we decided to go to an ice cream and restaurant place.
It took a little while to get our ice cream, but that was no worry.
I got bubble gum ice cream and Sherry got chocolate.
We were about to leave when I realized I left my phone at the table.
I went back inside to get it and they had already set it away for me.
Next Sherry and I headed back to her house where I dropped her off.
On my drive home I called with my friend Erin a tiny bit to say happy birthday.
My dad also called me to say our friend / his friend’s son Jose is visiting up North.
Once I got home I talked with Jose and set up for us to meet tomorrow morning.
I’ll have to wake up pretty early tomorrow for that, so hopefully I wont be so tired since I went to bed late.