September 3, 2020 - Thursday
I slept in some this morning, but not a lot.
After I got my teeth brushed I watched my mom’s flower tea flower with her.
Then just hung out for the little bit of time I had left before it was time to leave for my grandparents’ house.
Once I did get to my grandparents’ house I noticed that there was no wifi.
When I went to check out the router I discovered that it broke from the power going out during the storm last night.
So I called my dad and told him.
I then ate the tacos that my grandma made for lunch.
She saw the rash I have on my face, neck, and arms (not for sure where I got it from, but I think it’s from when I was working outside with my dad last weekend), so she gave me another type of ointment to put on it.
After a bit my dad called me back saying that he was thinking about switching ISPs (internet service provider) and that since we were going to buy a new router we can also look into switching.
He came and picked me up and we drove to the new ISP where it turned out that they gave better speeds for less money.
So he ended up signing up with them and then we went to the old ISP to cancel our service.
After that we went to Best Buy to get an idea of how much routers cost.
While we were there we also looked on the internet for people near us selling used ones.
Once we got a good idea of retail router prices had we headed back to my grandparents’ house.
On the way there I called the ISP’s tech support about if a router we found would be good.
We ended up not getting that one though, because it was only a router and not comboed with a modem.
Once we got back we looked some more and I also ate strawberries and ice cream.
We ended up going with one that my dad found somebody selling.
For the rest of the afternoon I just hung out on my phone until it was time to take a shower and then eat.
After that my grandma made me some tea for my rash.
Once I got back home I watched the movie “The Good, the Bad and the Ugly” (1966).
During the movie I ate some more Minecraft cereal.
I also put on some lotion for my rash that my dad brought home in the middle of the movie.
Following the movie I got my teeth brushed and covered myself rashes in more lotion.
I stayed awake for a while afterwards and went to bed late again.
Hopefully I’ll be able to sleep in, but going off of the past few days I think something is going to wake me up.
Note: Wow! I think this is now the biggest entry I’ve ever written.