September 8, 2020 - Tuesday
Today was my first day of school.
First thing I did was brush my teeth, then I got dreassed and after that I got all my things for school ready and packed.
Packing my things was a little different since I was packing for school at my grandparents’ house and not school at the actual school building.
Once it was time to go my mom took my photo.
Before heading to my grandparents’ house I followed my mom to the clinic where we looked into setting up an appointment for somone to look at my rash.
We ended up getting an appointment set up for me after my school day ended.
Getting to my grandparents’ house I threw away the trash from my car and then brought in a desk and my computer bag.
There was still a little time before school, so I got on a video call with some of my friends.
We ended up calling all throughout the school day inbetween classes.
I like most of my classes.
I didn’t get my first period off and I looked into switching to get one, but there were no opening for me whithout having to drop a class that I like.
My lunch was during some downtime I had where I wasn’t doing anything.
After school I went back to the clinic and met my mom there.
We saw the doctor who said the rash was just from a plant of some type and that it’s normal for it to show up late, last this long, and look like how it looks.
Following that we went to Walmart to pick up a perscription the clinic gave me.
They had to take a bit to get it ready, so my mom and I walked around Walmart for a bit while they did that.
While walking around I grabbed some rasins that I wanted to try.
One box was strawberry flavor and the other was watermelon.
Once the perscription was ready we bought it and the rasins and then went on our way.
Once I got back to my grandparents’ house I got started on installing linux on my grandpa’s computer so it would run faster.
He didn’t say anything to me about it running slow I just noticed how much it chugs along when I went to use it the other day.
I took a pause while linux was downloading to take a shower and eat dinner.
If I would’ve left at that point it would’ve been perfect, but I got sucked into working on the computer and spent more time than I sould’ve.
Once I finally left and got home I put on the cream I got perscribed and then hung out for a bit.
After it started getting late I got my teeth brushed and then washed the dishes.
Then I finally went to bed, but kind of late considering I have school tomorrow.
