January 9, 2021 - Saturday
After waking up this morning I hung out for a bit before getting up and brushing my teeth.
Once I did do that I got back on my phone and downloaded a language learning app.
My friend Erin is good at languages and knows quite a few, so she inspired me while we were talking on the phone yesterday.
The two languages I put in the app for me to learn were Spanish and Hindi.
We’ll see if I’m able to stick with it in a few weeks.
After I practiced for a while I read my book “The Pillars of the Earth” by “Ken Follett”.
I stopped reading once it was time for me to head over to my friend Ben’s house.
Our other friend Darious who usually hangs out with us too wasn’t able to today.
Instead of just hanging out though Ben and I had a mission to do.
His grandma needed us to rake leaves under a really big tree.
So we spent the whole afternoon raking leaves and putting them in trash bags.
We took one big pause in the middle to go out a do a few things.
Firstly we went to a shoe store so Ben could use a giftcard he had and buy some shoes.
Then we went to Chick-fil-A and got some chicken sandwiches.
Lastly we stopped at a house Ben was renovating with his family to grab a another metal rake he had there.
We were also going to buy some more trash bags because we ran out, but it turned out that he had more at home.
Once we got back we kept raking until it became too dark.
Then we put all the tools away and came inside.
We found a movie to watch and then made some popcorn.
I also had some candy from christmas and other occasions that I brought to share with Ben.
The movie we watched was called “The Host” (2013).
Following the movie I grabbed my things and headed home.
Once I got home I said hello to everyone and then started getting ready for bed.
My dad had bought apple pie, but I didn’t feel like eating any since it was so late.
By the time I finished getting ready for bed and writing this entry up it was only a little bit past the time I try to go to bed.
I stayed up a little bit longer to practice some Hindi and then went to sleep.