January 16, 2021 - Saturday
Even though I went to bed a little late last night I still woke up at pretty much my normal time.
After getting out of bed I reheated sone rice that I found in the fridge for breakfast.
Then I went to my room and played roblox for a bit.
Next I started getting ready to go skateboard with some friends.
I was ready to go a little while before it was actually time for me to go, so I hung out and talked with my mom a bit while I waited.
After I left I first went to my friend Yamiel’s house.
From there we both drove to our other friend Jacob’s house to pick him up.
Then we went to the park and skated until we all got tired and hungry.
So we went to our friend Billy’s house and he drove us all to IHOP for lunch.
I ordered some pancakes and chicken strips and I also split a Oreo shake with Yamiel.
After we ate we went back to Billy’s house to get Yamiel’s car.
Then in the two seperate cars we both headed back to the park.
On the way to the park Yamiel and I stopped at his house and switched into my car, because he needed to charge his phone and didn’t have a charger in his own car.
Jacob and Billy had already gotten to the park by the time we got there.
We skated around and went along the park.
Once it started to get late we went to Sonic for ice cream.
I got an Oreo cheesecake shake.
After that I parted ways with my three friends and said goodbye to them.
As I was leaving I realized I forgot to give Yamiel his skateboard out of my trunk.
Luckily they were close so I met them and passed it into Billy’s car.
Once I got home I got started on brushing my teeth, but my dad needed me more something.
First I drove him to an auto parts shop and then to a sandwich place.
Once we got home I helped him push my mom’s car, which he was working on, into the shed so he could close the door.
Next I watched the movie “Casino” (1995).
That movie was really long and so by the time I finished the movie it was pretty late for me.
Then after I finished getting ready for bed I stayed up even longer putting off writing this.
I eventually went to bed super late, so hopefully I’ll be able to sleep in tomorrow.