January 22, 2021 - Friday
This morning I only had one exam left to do for school.
The exam was in business class and it took a little longer than my other ones earlier in the week, but I still got done pretty quickly.
For the rest of the morning I just switched back and forth between playing on my computer and hanging out on my phone.
I ate lunch a little bit later than usual today, because my dad was bringing it and so I had to wait for him to pick my brother up from school.
For lunch my grandparents, dad, brother, and I all had some BBQ.
After lunch I went back to my computer and phone routine for a while.
Then my grandparents invited my brother and I to go get ice cream.
On the way to the ice cream place we also stopped and ordered a pizza.
My ice cream was a root beer float.
After we got our ice cream we picked up the pizza and headed back to my grandparents’ house.
Once I finished my ice cream I played a few games of cards with my grandma and brother.
Then I hung out for a while more before taking a shower and eatinh dinner.
I left a little later than usual today, because I ate dinner later than I normally do.
After I got home my dad and I replaced an airflow sensor in my car.
Once we finished that I helped him in the shed for a couple minutes more.
Then we came back out and moved my car out of the garage and my mom’s car into the garage.
Next I came inside and unloaded all my things I had in my car.
Once I was finally settled I opened a package with my mom that had the silicon fridge bags I got for her earlier in the month.
Then I went and sat on the couch to look for a movie to watch with my dad.
Eventually I ended up quitting the search, but instead of getting up and getting started on my night time rotine I got distracted again.
This time I read about a service that’d let me have an email with my own domain for free.
So for the next while I figured it out and got it working.
After I finally finished it I then started getting ready for bed.
By the time I was actually going to bed it was very super late for me.