January 23, 2021 - Saturday
Even though it wasn’t a school day today I still had my alarm set.
That’s because I already had my morning planned out and couldn’t sleep in too late.
I would’ve normally woken up earlier than I set it, but I haven’t been going to sleep on time lately.
After I woke up I brushed my teeth and got ready for the day.
While I was getting ready I also chatted with my mom for a little while.
Once I was ready for the day I headed over to my grandparents’ house to have breakfast.
Following breakfast I sat and talked with my grandma some and also helped them with their television.
Then I headed over to my friend Darious’ house to pick him up and bring him over to our other friend Ben’s house.
At Ben’s house with threw axes for a little then we played some basketball.
We took a pause from basketball once Ben’s mom got home with pizza for lunch.
During luch Ben’s parents gave me a card and a gift card as a goodbye present since I’m leaving to Florida soon.
After lunch we went back outside to pick up the things we left out then came back inside.
We played some Roblox for a little while.
Then we had some of the cheesecake that Ben’s mom got for us.
We brought our slices of cheesecake upstairs and then watched the movie “Wonder Woman 1984” (2020), but we endedvup turning it off because none of us really liked it.
So we went back to just hanging out and listening to music until it was time for Darious and I to go.
On my way to bring Darious back home I stopped at a new doughnut shop to see what they had, but they were closed.
Once I got back home after dropping off Darious I sat on the couch with my mom and looked for a movie to watch.
My dad ended up finding one called “17 Again” (2009).
During that movie I ate some golden rasins and then later a arepa de huevo which my dad cooked.
After the movie was over I put on another one called “The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo” (2011).
During that movie my snack was some ice cream that my dad had gotten my a few days ago.
Following the movie I did pretty good at getting ready for bed right away.
I stayed up for a tiny bit more, but I didn’t go to bed too terribly late.
