January 25, 2021 - Monday
My whole entire morning today was all planned yesterday.
First my mom came with me while I dropped my brother off at school.
After that we went to my school and eventually unenrolled me after waiting for our turn for a bit.
Then we went to the bank for me to get a paper signed by a notary.
Last we stopped at the post office so my mom could mail a few things and I could send the paper I had notarized.
Next we went back home where I went inside to grab a few things then shortly left afterwards.
My next order of business was to get maintenance done ony car.￼
First I went and got my tires rotated which took a very long time.
After that I went to a car wash then got my oil changed.
I was also going to get my car inspected, but it turned out that it was too soon to do so.
Then I finally went to my grandparents’ house and ended my morning of work.
For lunch today my grandma made chicken wings, rice, beans, and vegetables.
Following luch I hung out on my phpne for a bit before falling asleep.
I tried looking for something to watch, but I couldn’t and ended up going to sleep again.
Later on my grandma was playing the music CD I burned for her.
We danced a little and then I chatted until it was time for me to take a shower.
Then I ate dinner which was chicken enchiladas and rice.
Following dinner I shortly went back home.
Once I got home I worked on setting up my mom’s computer that she got in the mail.
Next I did a couple more things while I procrastinatinated gettinh started on packing away all my clothes.
Eventually I got started once my mom finished her work and said she’d help me.
I ended up not finishing until very late, because my brother came in the room and we were all talking and I also had to try on some of the clothes to see if I wanted something or not.
After I finished packing for the night I got ready for bed then went to start doing the dishes, but then my dad needed me outside to help him for a moment.
Once I came back inside I got started on the dishes.
The dishes were my last task of the night and by the time I actually finished it was so super late.
My morning tomorrow isn’t as packed as today’s, so hopefully I’ll be able to sleep for a while after dropping my brother off at school.