February 13, 2021 - Saturday
Even though I went to bed a bit late last night I still woke up at a decent time.
But I didn’t actually get out of bed until a while later, because right after waking up I thought more about the research I was doing on game controllers last night.
So I kept looking at different ones, and I ended up actually buying a dualshock 4 controller, because I like how the d-pad on it isn’t all one piece of plastic.
After getting up my dad made me an egg for breakfast.
There was also some bacon, bread, and grits.
After I ate breakfast I went back to my room to experiment with how programs on my small computer work.
Then we all got ready to go work on the new house and then headed over there.
I rode with my aunt Annette.
Once we got there we waited for my dad and uncle Oscar to get there too.
Then my dad and I put our dirty clothes in the washing machine.
My main job today was scraping the decorative plastic off the windows along with peeling off the tent.
For lunch my aunt had made some sandwiches.
After we finished I changed into some shorts since my pants were so dirty.
Once we all got home we had dinner of shreaded beef sandwiches with cheese, tomato, mushroom, and onion.
While we ate we watched some YouTube and my dad went to the stire to get dessert.
For dessert my uncle heated up some mini pies for each of us to have with ice cream.
While we had dessert we watched the movie “Freaky” (2020).
After the movie I sat on the corner of my bed and got distracted reading about rasberry pi things.
I was making a cart if things I would have to buy, which I often do to get a better of idea of how much it’d actually cost with all the accessories.
While I was doing that I came across a already put together kit of accessories which had a discount that made it cheap.
Combined with no sales tax and free shipping it was so cheap I decided to buy it.
Then I brushed my teeth and got ready for bed.
After that I cleaned up my bed a little and folded all the clothes that were washed earlier today.
Then I stayed up a tiny bit more before finally going to bed.
I went to bed late again tonight, so hopefully I wont be waking up too early.