January 8, 2020 - Wednesday
After waking up this morning I hopped on my computer and started a little projet.
I wanted to make a userscript for a website that I use.
Before today I had never really done too much with JavaScript just basic one line things randomly a few times.
It was really satisfying when I finally finished it and it worked exactly how I had envisioned.
Learning JavaScript was also fun, and it'll probably come in handy later on.
Once I finished that I just hung out in my room for a while.
Until around noon when my dad texted me asking me to make the rice for lunch.
After I made the rice my dad showed me what he was making and let me help him cook some of the other food.
Right after I finished lunch I got started on washing the dishes.
While I was getting the dishes done my brother got the mail from the mail box.
In the mail box was the bluetooth reciever that I bought a few weeks ago.
So once I was done with the dishes I took it to my room to check it out.
Once I made sure that it worked I looked around my room for something to hold it in, so that way it wouldn't just be loose.
I ended up finding a perfectly sized plastic box about the size of a match box.
After I had the box, bluetooth reciever, and wires all secured together I went out to my car to test the audio better.
My mom came out to my car with me when I went to test it.
The testings went well and I'm really happy with how the box I found turned out.
Following that I came back into my room and hung out for a while again.
I came out of my room and ate some of the ice cream that my brother bought me while he was out driving with my mom last night.
After my ice cream I called with a new friend of mine to show her how to do some things on the computer.
As the call was wrapping up my mom came home.
So I got up to go find a movie for us to watch.
The movie we ended up finding was "Wasp Network" (2019).
Following the movie I finsied the rest of the dirty dishes that were in the sink.
I then got ready for bed and my teeth brushed.
I stayed up for a little while longer and ended up going to bed around three hours later than what I try to shoot for.
Not as terrible as some of the past few days have been, but not something that's going to make me any less tired.
Note: After writing this one I see that it's one of my larger ones, so enjoy haha.
