April 16, 2021 - Friday
I had the day off of school today.
After waking up I got ready for the day.
While I was in the middle of shaving the razor battery dued.
While I waited for it to recharge I watched an episode of “Daria” (1997).
Then I finished shaving and took a shower.
For breakfast I only at an orange and a granola bar.
Then I got dressed to go spend the day with my sister.
After I finished getting ready I just hung out for a while until it was actually time to go.
While I was driving over to her I got a text asking if we could meet an hour later.
I said sure, but since I was already driving I just kept going.
With my extra time I parked at supermarket to get some coconut water.
Then I walked to a gas station to buy a lottery scratch ticket.
The first gas station I went to didn’t have one, so I walked to another one that did have them.
While I headed back to my car I scratched my cards to see what I won.
I ended up winning $2 which was the amount that I spent on the two tickets.
By the time I got back to my car it was time to go to the restaurant my sister said we were going to eat at.
I waited for her in a metered parking lot and then when she got there we moved to a free parking area.
We ate at an Asian restaurant and got sushi.
After eating I decided to spend the night with her at her apartment.
On our way to the apartment we stopped at a supermarket so I could buy some swim shorts and a tooth brush.
I also bought myself some new cargo shorts.
Once we got to my sister’s apartment I met her roommate.
Next I went with my sister while she took her car to get looked at.
While we were there I video called with my mom and brother.
On the drive back to the apartment I called back my mom and brother, so that my sister could talk to them.
We also stopped at the convenience￼ store for my sister to grab a few things.
Once we got back to the apartment my sister, her roommate, and I all hung out for a bit.
Then my sister looked through my movie list to find a movie to watch.
We ended up selecting the movie “The Invention of Lying” (2009).
During the movie we ate pineapple pizza for dinner.
After the movie we all went to sleep.
I went to bed at a not so great time tonight.