April 17, 2021 - Saturday
After waking up and brushing my teeth this morning I went to the living room and waited for my sister to wake up.
After she woke up she made us eggs, toast, and tea for breakfast.
Following breakfast we went on a skateboard ride.
We ended up skating 4 miles in total.
Once we got back I was very exhausted and hot.
Then we changed into swim suits and went across the street to the beach.
I played in the ocean by myself while my sister hung out under the umbrella.
We also called with our grandparents to say hello to them.
As a snack we also brought platain chips and left over pizza from last night.
After we were done at the beach we went back to the apartment.
Once we got back I took a shower.
My clothes were sweaty, so I had to borrow some of my sister’s clothes while mine were being washed.
For lunch my sister made ravioli and meatballs.
Following lunch I went along with my sister to get her car battery looked at.
Before stopping there we went to a thrift store to look around.
I ended up buying a tshirt, so that way I could change out of my sister’s shirt.
Next we went to a salon for her to get her eyebrows threaded.
The place we went to was able to test her battery for her, but they couldn’t replace it with the warranty that she had.
The place that we thought maybe could was closed today, so we just headed back to the apartment.
Once we got back she made some kettle corn.
She then had to go to her room to work on a project, but I stayed a while longer while my clothes were finishing to be washed.
While I waited I watched the TV show “Daria” (1997) on TV.
Once the laundry was done I left and headed back home.
On my way home my check tire pressure light came on, so I pulled over into a gas station to check it out.
After inspecting I found the tire that was low on air.
The air refill machine at the gas station only took quarters, so I redeemed my lottery ticket from yesterday for quarters.
After filling up the tires I reparked my car and then went into the gas station again to buy another $1 scratch card.
That one didn’t win me anything.
Closer to the house I stopped at the store to grab some sour cream for my aunt Annette.
My aunt had also asked for me to get a certain dessert, which I couldn’t find.
So I tried to text her, but she didn’t answer.
When I tried to call her she didn’t answer that either.
Then I called my dad and asked him to text me my uncle Oscar’s phone number, who I then called.
I didn’t get an answer at that number.
As I was writing up a text to him I got called back.
It turned out that my Aunt’s phone had died, and on top of that I misread her text at the beginning and the dessert she texted me was what she was making not what she wanted me to buy.
Once I got home my uncle was just finishing my fajita tacos.
While I ate dinner I watched the middle of the movie “Zodiac” (2007).
After dinner I had some of the key lime bars that my aunt made.
Next I went outside with my uncle while he messed with a tree stump that he had set on fire.
Coming back inside I went to my room and hung out on my phone chatting with friends.
Then I got ready for bed and spent another chunk of time on my phone.
I ended up going to bed at not the best time, but at least better than last night.