April 23, 2021 - Friday
This morning during school while I wasn’t doing anything else I looked into BMX bikes.
Since I was talking to my mom about it yesterday I decided to call her up and tell her that I was thinking about getting a BMX bike.
For lunch I had some rice, beans, and a sandwich.
After I was finished with school for the day I talked with my uncle Oscar about my interest in getting a BMX bike.
After talking with him I realized there was a bunch more research I’d have to do before buying.
So I ditched that idea because of that, and also it was just an impulsive idea anyways.
I thought about getting the pogo stick that I researched for a while last night.
So I called up my mom again to tell her that I decided against a BMX bike, but was considering a pogo stick again.
I ended up deciding not to get that either though, because realistically I probably wouldn’t use it very often after first getting it.
In the mail today was the book that I ordered so my friend Erin and I could read it at the same time like a little book club.
Later on in the day I went on a ride on the four wheelers with my uncle.
I’m getting more comfertable, but I’m still getting used to switching gears smoothly.
Once we got back from the ride I sat on the couch until dinner was ready.
For dinner my uncle made read beans, rice, and a chicken from the supermarket.
I started eatting alone and my uncle and aunt Annette joined me later.
After I finished eating I went to put on a movie, but I couldn’t get the video to play.
So I brought out my computer to play it from there to the TV, but I couldn’t get the sound to work since I hadn’t set it up before with my new operating system.
Second plan I put on the TV show “Money Heist”￼ (2017), which my aunt and uncle had surprisingly￼ never seen.
I’ve already seen the show, but it’s been a while and it’s pretty good so I enjoyed watching it again.
While I watched the show I texted with my friend Sherry.
We ended up setting up a day to finally meet up with each other.
The plan is for next sunday to go over to a mall that’s somewhat inbetween us and then go have lunch at a park.
So that’s exciting if it ends up actually happening.
My aunt and I decided to shut off the show once it started to get pretty late.
Afterwards I went to my room and looked for my digital camera.
Once I found it I looked up the batteries and bought some new ones, because the ones I have right now are old and die quickly.
After I bought the batteries I brushed my teeth and then took a shower.
Before going to bed I called my mom too give her the update that I decided not to get a pogo stick or a BMX bike.
I went to bed horribly late tonight, but thankfully I don’t have to wake up for school or anything tomorrow morning.
