April 24, 2021 - Saturday
I slept weird last night.
It felt like I kept waking up the entire night and was only sleeping in small bursts.
I’m not sure why that happened.
For breakfast my aunt Annette made turkey bacon, eggs, and toast.
Following breakfast I hung out in the living room for a while.
Later on I brought out my computer to the living room to examine a hard drive with movies my aunt has for her.
It wasn’t working on their DVD player anymore because her computer converted the file system to something incompatible.
After searching around I came to the conclusion that the file system couldn’t easily be changed without risking data loss.
While I had the hard drive out I tested it on Kodi on my Raspberry Pi.
After I realized it worked I got to work on seeing if I could scrape the movies for data like the poster and year.
I got it to somewhat work by the time lunch was ready.
For lunch my aunt made sandwiches.
Before eating I showed them that I got it set up so they could look at all the movies nicer.
I wasn’t done, but enough was that they could understand what I did.
After finishing lunch I finished getting it all set up.
Then I went to my room and layed down on my phone.
I worked on looking for songs to make my friend Sherry a music playlist, which I told her I’d do a long time ago but never followed through at the time.
I worked on finding music until dinner was ready.
For dinner we had chuleta in mushroom sauce and rice.
Following dinner I went outside with my uncle Oscar and built a small fire on a stump.
We stayed out there piling up things on it for a bit and roasted some marshmallows.
Then we came back inside and I went back to my room.
Before taking a shower I spent a little while looking through music to add to the playlist for Sherry.
Once I was satisfied I took my shower and got ready for bed.
I messed with the playlist order a tiny bit while I wrote this up.
Then I went to sleep at an alright time.
I have to wake up pretty early tomorrow to go to my cousin Mathias’ birthday.