April 29, 2021 - Thursday
Today was a longer school day, but it went by quickly and wasn’t too difficult.
During my lunch break from school I reheated some yellow rice from the other day and an orange.
After lunch I opened two boxes that I got in the mail.
One of them were the pair of shoes I ordered a few days ago.
The other box had a pair of shoes that were meant for someone else.
So I emailed to company to see how to send them back.
Then I went back on my school computer for my last class of the day.
After school I got an email back about the shoes.
They sent me a shipping lable to send them back the shoes.
I called with my mom for a bit before leaving to go to the post office.
Once I did get there the person working said they don’t print out lables, so I had to go back home to print it out myself.
When I got back to the house my aunt Annette helped me tape on the lable.
She also gave me a card to buy some soaps while I was out.
Then I went back to the post office and then the drug store for soap.
Once I got back home I went to my room and hung out on my phone for a bit.
Later on I put all my dirty clothes in the washing machine.
Then for my uncle Oscar’s birthday some of his family came over including his dad, step mom, and sister.
His dad and step mom also brought their dog.
Once the people got there I hung out with everyone else in the living room and kitchen.
For dinner my aunt had prepared beef stew and rice.
A while after dinner my aunt made some strawberry sauce that’d eventually go on top of cheesecake.
The sauce chilling in the freezer took a while and waiting for that delayed me brushing my teeth.
While I was waiting my laundry finished drying I put all my clothes back in the basket and then in my room.
After I finally did eat some cheese cake I got my teeth cleaned and my face washed.
I was on track to go to bed on time, but I still had all my folding left to do.
So I stayed up folding before writing this up and then going to sleep.
I went to sleep a little late, but I was actually doing things so I’m not unsatisfied.